# EmployeeDirectory
I used React js to create this employee directory. I started the app by importing the ractpractice library, and adding javascript, and css files to the src, components, utils folders. In the utils folder I created the Api.js file. This files imports axios npm package, and exports it to the app. In the componets folder i created the card, col, container, wrapper.css, and wrapper.js files. In the card.js file i imported react, created a function called Card. In the Card function i used the <tr> to create a row with a <th> tag that holds the image of the employee. After that i used the <td> table data tag to show the first and last name, email, city, and phone number of the employee. Then i export the Card. Next file was the col.js file, which holds the Col function, and returns a div that holds the {props.children}. In the container.js file, i imported all the other files in the component folder. I created the class container which hlds the state property. In the class container component i created the componentDidMount function, that holds the firstEmployee function tag. The firstEmployee function is created to get the data of the employee which is being searched for. The HandleInputChange function, gets the target name of the employee, and with the HandleformSubmit function, the information of the different employees is filtered, to the correct one that is beinn searched. The clearSearch function clears all your search information. The render() function returns all the information of the searched employee in the wrapper that holds all the information of the employee. the finals i created n the component fold are the wrapper.js, and wrapper.css files. The wrapper.js file iports the wrapper.css file, and holds the wrapper function which returns the <div className = "wrapper">{props.children}</div>, and then exports the wrapper. Outside of the folders i created the index.js, and App.js files. The index.js file imports react, react-dom, and the App file. The App.js file imports reat, the container.js file in the components folder, and the App function that returns import of the container.
